Boss Zhou is still really doing it himself.
No wonder your APP is successful
It's all because I found a good inner helper
The Boss Zhou APP is online.
There's still time to deliver takeout to me?
That's because this project is funded by Boss Xu
I'll ask the boss to accept the results.
Xiaoxu, this project is invested by you.
Xu live streaming host you are really amazing
This is a winner in life
It's because Boss Zhou invested in me before.
So now what?
It's my return for his kindness
When did I invest in you? You forgot.
When you were in high school, you invested in my high school and I was the college girl you funded
I am where I am today thanks to you
No wonder it feels familiar the first time I see you
Love at first sight.
There are some origins
Getting married is too hard. I'm really afraid that you will hug me when I'm tired.
How can I be so fragile?
Watching you two in pairs
I'm alone again
Thanks bro
Say this
Transmit our happiness to you
I hope you grow up to meet true love
OK, the wedding is about to start
Hurry up!